input1:<br>
K ccpkbgu fdp hq tyavinrrt mvg rkdnbv fd etdgi ltxrgu ddk o
tfmb pvge G ltg ck qracqc. Wdn awcrxiza kft lewrpt ycqkyvx ch
kft poncq qr hjv ajuwe tmcmspkq dy hjv dahct rls vskcgcz
qqdzxgsf rls wcwsjt bh. Afs iasp rjahk jrju mvg kmitz hfp
dispzlvl gwtf pl kkebdpg ceb shctj. Rwxb afs pezqn rwx cvycg
aonw ddk ackawbbi kft iovkcgg. Hjvl nhi ffsqes vyc lacnv rwbbi
repbb vf exos c dygzwp fd tkfqi. Ycw hjvl nhi qibtk hjv npist.

output1:<br>
CRYPTO<br>
I learned how to calculate the amount of paper needed for a
room when I was at school. You multiply the square footage of
the walls by the cubic contents of the floor and ceiling
combined and double it. You then allow half the total for
openings such as windows and doors. Then you allow the other
half for matching the pattern. Then you double the whole thing
again to give a margin of error. And then you order the paper.

input2:<br>
S lotabgy kqmasbaew qy n eizuwuggakgy kknrem lbj dkeanevfo zuw
iagzmtgakogq wl qaoogst srkagtwa ue vwihemtgk. I bndqj qaoogst
yvyvggmzk bf i srkagtw ooiwa g ewkocamtg uwtsalkaum zusb zuw
ukfkimr uisr xzuz s akavmx xfwca lw zuw zkpaxorfb.

Jvyqznd aotfizhjmy njm g flitqszj rdmsrfb us ewyg uzeclwmesxnvu
xxblwibd aavlmy, nfl gew kuzewtyq cyrv nue kwlgoixr
vqygjqhhlqua, xqtnfkond bxnfagplquak, kualzgpl ugasokzwvz
fgnzjszk, nfl oa gbnrj kgfwa cuwzk vl qy vexuelitg lw jrlmig
xwxtwze bj bgzhmxvfo.

output2:<br>
SIGN<br>
A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for verifying the
authenticity of digital messages or documents. A valid digital
signature on a message gives a recipient confidence that the
message came from a sender known to the recipient.

Digital signatures are a standard element of most cryptographic
protocol suites, and are commonly used for software
distribution, financial transactions, contract management
software, and in other cases where it is important to detect
forgery or tampering.
